what's up guys welcome to another
episode of the creative exchange this
one is a little bit different it's dark
it's Moody
it is the end of a long workday but I
have a very special guest someone who I
know dearly he is a pro skater he is a
youtuber his name is John Hill and he
just so happens to be my boyfriend as
well he's a very talented person in the
video space as a business person he has
his own clothes
so John welcome to be here out of all
those achievements the greatest one so
far is being the boyfriend of Sarah
Deshawn get out of here okay the podcast
is over okay good Oh tell he's smelling
his shirt right now he just put on a
progress daily shirt so he could make
sure to plug that merch boom baby in the
video version of this podcast it's a
little wet so I had to smell it to make
sure it wasn't sweat hmm actually just
left from the laundry because I didn't
dry it all the way you are so
irresponsible no just when it comes to
laundry but everything else you're kind
of feeling it appreciate so tell the
people for the few people who don't know
what your thing is what I like to do is
skateboard which is this piece of wood
with four wheels on the bottom it's a
toy essentially right and I found this
crazy crazy love for it has just
continued all throughout my life
something skateboarding since I was just
a young boy and out of everything that
I've gotten into when it comes to
entrepreneurship business like meeting
epic human beings for some reason I just
keep gravitating back towards
riding my skateboard it's the most fun
thing ever so I've tried to build my
life around that and it has worked out
so far how long have you been on YouTube
I've been on YouTube before three years
so not super long but I've been
uploading videos ever since I was about
we made YouTube videos we were just
skateboarding and I was filming little
videos with my homies and it was really
fun but then one day I realized that you
could sort of make a living doing it if
you approached it the correct way so I
approached it just more strategically to
actually make it sort of
a living before I met you I had no idea
of the Skater world it was basically
Tony Hawk and that was it
Tony hey I put Tony Hank everyone gotta
love the Tony so I didn't understand the
world I didn't understand what it means
to be like a mature pro I don't
understand there are multiple different
companies out there doing decks doing
wheels shoes give me a quick little just
summary of the skate world for the
people who aren't aware well they have
context
gotcha it's essentially like any other
business really when it comes to being a
professional skateboarder you do have to
go through levels and with brands in
skateboarding you know you want to think
that it's about how good you are and for
the most part of this but it works like
any other business to where if you're
selling more stuff if you have more
attention on you you're more likely to
become a professional skateboarder etc
so for me I was definitely approaching
the skateboarding world and a more
traditional sense which is basically you
get on a skate shop and then from there
maybe the skate shop helps you out
pushes you out to people that they know
and it's all about working connections
as well like any other business but you
meet the guy behind a company you meet
the team manager maybe he likes you and
usually when someone likes you it's a
better chance of you getting on a team I
know a lot of people who aren't
essentially the best skateboarders but
they're awesome people you want to be
around them you want to take them on
tour you want to just constantly maybe
they have a good personality for their
Instagram video exists they have
followers right they kind of offer like
a different perspective on skating they
like wear a cool shirt that other people
don't wear and that helps I mean really
does I mean to like to sort of be a free
thinker in skating does usually have a
huge benefit if it's something that
other people think is cool if not then
maybe they'll shut you but you work
through the system the same way and you
get sponsored and you know there's not a
lot of money in skateboarding but when
you're a skateboarder you just love the
idea of being part of a bigger family
I think skateboarders typically they
come from weird places so the idea of
having a big family it's like something
that's super exciting to them and
they'll fight for that even if it
doesn't maybe make them the most money
it's just a feeling of being part of
something bigger that you sort of
idolize
as a kid so you skate for revive I do
which is a skateboard company a deck
company with a mean clothes and they
have a lot of things underneath that so
when you go pro that means you get your
own deck right this past year you went
pro Congrats thanks y'all for a job
insane we'll get into that a little bit
later but you have now three decks with
Hill Jean Hill on the bottom I do yeah
actually which is crazy yeah that's
definitely the best it's weird but it's
the best feeling ever like no matter
what I accomplished that was what I
wanted to accomplish since a little kid
and it will always be the thing that
probably just gave me the most
satisfaction when it happened just
seeing my board and being like you know
I think I mean you were there when I
turned pro and I came to Cincinnati with
me and it's like it definitely gets me
like teary-eyed because it's one of
those things where especially coming
from South Carolina you're like I want
to be a pro skater and people are like
lol yeah so yeah I don't know just a lot
of things added up and I got to get the
pro board it was a very exciting thing
and so your entire journey you grew up
in South Carolina
Cincinnati Los Angeles and more sense
than nice and more Los Angeles now
you're living in New York City I do but
all all of this really YouTube stuff
began I watched your first video nice it
began May 2015
Wow and were you in Cincinnati then no
when I first started I was at Lawson
Long Beach yeah and your first few
videos are like only two to three
minutes mhm right yeah just
skateboarding it's like like montage I
stuff I mean what was your life three
years ago - three years ago my life was
actually fine when I started YouTube it
was fine it was like I basically just
got done with a hectic life and I have
started a business that was doing well I
started this baby clothing company who
come and find your channel maybe in the
past year they probably don't know that
yeah you still have a baby onesie
clothing business I do yeah
said that what is that what does that
mean John it's actually I mean it's a
very very easy setup and a lot of people
do it but I I think I put a lot more
effort into it because I had it was
basically all or nothing so for this
business it was my only job so I worked
my ass off to make it what I could I got
a heat press and with the heat press you
can just press designs onto any white
shirt and I was like oh
white onesies and you know we looked up
a little bit of marketing and business
and we realized that new moms was the
biggest demographic to sell to period so
what can you sell to new moms baby
onesies right and it just worked out so
well to where I like we just had to
think of creative ideas and this sounds
may be pretty bad but it wasn't
something I was super passionate about
so it's very easy for me to be cutthroat
about it so I just made designs based on
designs that already sold well and put
my own spin on it because I knew I had
like this silly creative approach and
that actually sold really well and we
just continue with that and grew it we
sold it through Etsy eBay Amazon and it
was just an e-commerce business that
started to fund my life and the more I
worked on it the more money I made it
was this awesome correlation the more
YouTube videos you could make and so in
the beginning there wasn't that pressure
of this needs to be my job oh not at all
it was just skating skating skating
exactly cuz a lot of people now who
start YouTube will go down the path
thinking you know this is gonna make me
money this is my new business and that
wasn't a mentality at all for me it was
like how cool would it be if I got
subscribers randomly because I can skate
and I also at the time had a lot of
really talented friends in skateboarding
so I was like let me incorporate these
guys into my vlogs or my videos and
right when I started I met every
skateboard youtuber right off the bat
and they were all amazing human beings
and we vibe so well and I was and they
made me a little less fearful of what
was gonna happen and what to put out
there so I started putting out like more
self-centered talk to the kidding
exactly because that's how I started off
behind the camera because I don't think
it's a very natural thing to be put the
camera in front of your face hey guys
this is my life because it's kind of
kind of a like very self centered thing
to do with vlogging and stuff but it's
almost like you have to warm up to the
fact and once you realize oh I have a
story to tell all right I have a unique
perspective that's kind of when it gets
easier to turn the hair around but with
skating you are filming yourself like
this is normal right with people
film them skating because they want to
show it off that's the thing it's it's
all like it's all in this gray area
where people will be like ooh that's a
little too much like holding the camera
and facing yourself that's a little
weird you can film videos yourself
skating all the time exactly and there's
always that barrier you base it's
subjected you basically choose what is
too much for you and any kid will post
footage that maybe they filmed right
they start off I'd be like oh I filmed
this clip I'm gonna post it cuz I kind
of like the way I filmed that but it's
not ego sinner because it's not me and
then eventually they get a trick that's
really good on film and they're like
I'll post my clip but you know what like
I got a clip whatever and it keeps going
down this thing where it's like well if
you're gonna you know post yourself to
get exposure why not hold a camera to
yourself you know it's like no shame
yeah there's there's no more shame in
holding a camera to yourself
realistically I mean it's all subjective
but holding a camera to yourself and
filming yourself and posting that as
opposed to posting just a clip of you
that somebody else filmed it all lies in
that butt area in the skating realm
though there is that cool guy mentality
so that makes it harder not only is
walking outside filming yourself hard
but then you add the fact that you're in
the skate group and you're in the skate
community and I feel like just that in
general you there is a good cool guy
aspect to it is there not it definitely
there definitely is like beyond
I think skateboarding actually has a
cooler guy of mentality than almost any
other thing period I can't I can't think
of it maybe art when it comes to any
other sport if you see a guy talking to
a camera and saying like yo we're going
to a big game right now I'm really
excited hope you guys enjoy what you're
about to see in any other sport people
would appreciate that
I can't imagine one that they wouldn't
skateboarding you will get made fun of a
hundred percent and I think it comes
down to how confident you are about your
skateboarding if you're a good
skateboarder then you're not gonna care
that much when people think because you
clearly have
like bigger passion for it because you
do it more often maybe not clearly you
could be more talented right but I don't
know I think I I think people who are
really good at skateboarding don't care
that much and they're kind of passed the
whole cool guy mentality because it's
just like that's that's sort of that
cool guy fight is left to sideline
skaters which is an expression that I
use a lot it's usually people who sort
of sit on the sky sidelines and yell in
you know people who sit on the stands
and yell at football players are all
doing better and it's like you get out
there on the field I know how to do this
and then there's also the thing that I
feel like you're constantly not in the
middle of but have a unique perspective
of the traditional side of skating you
have the core skaters and maybe the
people that Thrasher will rep but then
they're the most mainstream company
really in skating in reality right yeah
yeah it's so it's that versus this kind
of youtube skater culture
how long have skaters been on this
YouTube grind been and vlogging like
showing tricks was Andy really the first
one to come on a scene and like do goofy
stuff but also he's a good skater Andy
was the first person to explode without
having anybody in the core skate world
appreciate him so everybody else like
Bam Margera rob dyrdek they did silly
things and of course they got hated on
the same way but they were still a
majority of MTV and all the mainstream
right guy who were talking about is Andy
shock who is the head of revive you
skate for and he has a YouTube channel
over a million subscribers and he's been
doing goofy stuff elected offices a
skate stuff for 10 years yeah geez and
it's really heavy into skateboarding I
mean he started off all skate videos he
just happens to be goofy in his skate
videos so he goes out with his friends
goes around his neighborhood skate
that's it and he jokes with his friends
right
but he's so shameless about filming his
friends silly reactions and his
reactions he's such a genuinely good
dude but yeah he did that for 10 years
and
only recently did people notice him
coming through the back doors of
skateboarding and doing well so he's a
he's a successful skateboard brand owner
and nobody even knew about him in the
skate industry until recently but they
didn't see you know the seven years of
work he put in behind and the content he
was just putting out and you know with
him was always just like I'm missing a
guy who likes skateboarding a lot and I
want to sponsor my friends in the small
town that I live in and whoops now we're
a huge brand that you know that's really
successful because it's cool not cool
but it's dorky awesome people are that
you just love skating and you get to be
a part of the fan it's dude the coolest
people how do you find the balance
between consistency and also going with
trends specifically on YouTube because
that's something that a lot of content
creators regardless of what you're doing
you have to fight for me it's what is
mainstream YouTube doing should i latch
on to that and follow these trends or
should I stick to what I know just focus
and attack creativity you're gonna be
fine but sometimes it's tempting to
reach out there and try to just follow
the trends well it was reading there's a
lot of stuff that is trendy and stuff
and so maybe that's within trends within
skate world are also trends within
YouTube daily content mm-hmm you've been
doing daily vlogs for almost the
majority of the time you're on YouTube
but sometimes it's like oh maybe I
should do that
I mean well yeah I mean that's that it
that's the hardest part that for me that
is the biggest fight that I have with
YouTube is not only do I want to do
trends that are really popular on the
platform but I have to realize I mean
this I'm not the person to give advice
on this because I have I'm the worst one
who suffers with this it's something
that both of us yeah exactly it's yeah
it's hard it's very tough and and you
know of course when I see a video that's
like you know Logan Paul the most
popular youtuber does something and
everybody starts talking about it I'm
like if I talk about this I will 100%
get more views on this video than any of
my other videos and then but when you do
that you do lose something
right you have an audience that sort of
sees you as someone who's more of a
trend follower rather than someone who
does your own thing and then it's also
nice to have the vibe on YouTube of
someone who isn't a youtuber I mean you
know we all showing what you love right
so it's like with if I go around and
just go skate film that and I do get a
big following from that that's amazing
and people like to see someone separate
it's the same reason I like to watch you
know listen he seems like he's not even
a part of YouTube but he's finished own
world exactly does so well and then you
know like I feel like Peter McKinnon
sits there similarly so it's nice to
have those people and it once you start
going with the trends you fall into just
the majority and it's sort of hard to
differentiate your channel and you're
sort of fighting against the majority
it's just it's difficult challenge I
just wouldn't recommend anyone trying to
do that fight how have you stayed John
Hill through everything because I think
a lot of people's first reactions to you
if they meet you or they're watching you
or listening to you on this podcast
their first reaction is probably like
he's chill oh super chill right now and
on YouTube videos or Internet videos
wherever you're in front of an audience
you kind of do regardless of who you are
a hyper self up get a little bit more
crazy get a little bit more hype and
especially also when you do collabs I
think both of us have experienced this
when you go outside your circle you get
hate sometimes and it's something you're
not used to within your own audience so
how do you stay you it's it's difficult
I mean with with the camera it's I mean
it's impossible actually I think I think
I do believe this I think it is
impossible to be how you are normally in
front of a camera period because I think
you are appealing to an audience it's
like being put on stage and be like act
exactly like you and if you had that's
true I don't think people in theatre are
gonna go and beat them that's not
appealing yeah even if someone's like
giving some monologue they're not gonna
be hundred-percent them it's just it's
boring it's an appealing and the thing
with being a front of the camera I
actually do try to be myself but I
believe it's impossible and I think you
you add a little excitement you
a little hype and you're still being
yourself but you're also putting on a
show and I was listening to Tim Ferriss
his podcast and he had Derek severs on
the show and basically Derek severs did
this whole conversation about this whole
thing where he was he was doing circus
shows and he was going out there and he
was being like this crowds here for me
so he's being sarcastic he was being you
know like he basically acted in a way to
avoid hate like he was like yeah here we
are the show whatever I'm being silly
and you can act that way but then when
you went backstage they're like yo give
them a show they're here to be
entertained they're here to see someone
who acts like they don't act you know
you want to have relatability but you
also don't want to watch someone who is
exactly like you act you want to see
someone who does something different and
brings excitement so he went back out
there and he was like what's up and like
people love you they make crazy like yo
exactly so like when I have a 10-minute
one 24 hours in the day you film for 10
minutes it's really easy to be excited
and I genuinely am very excited I turn
on the camera I'm like yo can't wait to
do this show this is gonna be really fun
turn on the camera and I am very excited
I'm very excited and at the same time
you know I have mellow moments on my
vlog but when I first film of the day I
am genuinely excited to film and like
say you are genuinely a morning person
thank you vouch for that yes absolutely
trying to get there with you yeah I'm
I'm the driver person it helps being on
the west coast so we're here in LA for
about a month and here I can actually
wake up at 7 a.m. because technically
it's what like 10 yeah on the East Rose
so I'm like I have no problem doing this
but your hype and then right yeah yeah
you do good I'm going to about a
reasonable time right I mean I live a
life in a day I basically I wake up in
the morning and I'm happy you know you
wake up you know you're born you're
happy and then you become old you're
like I don't know recording this I gasps
wait and I'm like
yeah usually got that I'm gonna bet I'm
like oh man like who knows anymore you
wake up you like oh my gosh life is
amazing that's that's like every day
every single night John and I have an
extension crisis what are we doing with
our life what is the algorithm which
means like and then there's a complete
opposite side if oh my gosh I'm so
stoked I'm gonna do this this is the
future
yep and then the next day's right it's
actually it's insane we live we probably
live 40 days everyday so and it's it's
good to have someone to relate to hmm
absolutely the fact that we understand
are you fuse done that's something
people would love to hear about is the
fact that we're both youtubers yeah I do
this and like how much we really it's
it's a world that I really couldn't
imagine sharing with someone who like if
they didn't share the world I just don't
know what they would think about it
right like talking to someone who's like
I would be like yeah like I'm really
bummed that this didn't work my video
got 4,000 less views and it should at
this moment and they'd be like it would
also be it's 6:30 p.m.
no more talk about anything other than
work right right time to watch Netflix
for like six hours straight
exactly so yeah it's it's a crazy crazy
world and yeah it's amazing to have a
partner in crime but I think with
anything you do you should have someone
who can at least relate yeah I mean it's
it's really nice to have the
conversations because it is a it's a
hard world and yeah I mean you put
everything into it so you have to just
kind of expect a lot of emotions to come
out right and I mean I don't know I
think we're actually figuring out how to
navigate that better when you start it
coming from someone who doesn't get any
love or attention not like in that way
but getting any attention from an
audience to boom I don't know where
you're like okay now I have all these
people watching me and I have to adjust
to having everything judged even if it's
a positive judge you're still putting
yourself in a position to be judged
which is very confusing and weird to
adapt to so to have someone who knows
what that's like is lovely what do you
think is the worst part about it the
worst me two to two
youtubers dating and being all up in
their business all the time maybe it's
the fact that we were late so well it's
like we can't tell the other one that
it's silly because we both know how
painful it is right I want to be like
Sarah that's silly chill out a hookah mm
let's use but I know the pain of and I'm
like a baby it's okay we'll get through
this together
well yeah and at some point because
there are some things that are out of
reach or some things that are really
just you know like anything you have to
figure out on your own and so a lot of
times it's just like because you know
that struggle it's just like yes or what
to say I've definitely been the one
who's been like the gnarliest like dude
this was just not a good week I don't
know what to do anymore I literally have
no idea but that's been me since I was
like a little kid so even while I'm
doing that I already know what's gonna
end but I'm like Sarah you're just gonna
have to deal with this right now I am
struggling but tomorrow I won't be right
now it tell me something nice but
usually how it works is when you're
doing bad I'm doing okay
and then when you're doing okay I feel
like that's when I go and like ah yeah
which is weird because I mean for me
there's nothing like a subtle
competitiveness even with Sarah I don't
know if she feels that at all but yeah
with me like that will be the thing
where it's like I'm doing really bad and
surged and really good like how was she
doing good how do i improve and it's
like I'm glad that she's doing well
obviously and I'm not gonna be like you
need to do worse for my ego
yeah for my self-esteem so yeah I mean I
think there's like a slight
competitiveness in it too which is which
is hilarious because you know there's
like things that you and I can both do
that would benefit our careers and if
one of them gets to do it you
immediately want to Vic I want that
right like so I don't know if you got to
hang out with PewDiePie or co-op with
PewDiePie it's like that would never
happen but I wouldn't be sitting here
like with people right so alright it's
an interesting room I'm glad I get to do
it with you Heather therefore should we
bring it back should we go all
relationship yeah nitty-gritty let's do
it exclusive except
people mostly what I know there listen
we know John skateboards yeah we know it
to the good yeah I have relationship
questions ok good if you want to keep it
specific very perfect I know I want to
talk as free as possible okay but I just
want to let you know that I prepared for
this and I have questions under skating
ok and then questions under relationship
you have a lot of questions why do you
have so many questions John went to go
skating or something and I was like ok I
should probably think of some questions
and I dove into the archives of art
videos and it actually made me sad cuz I
was like oh wait I want to hang out with
John the coolest parts about YouTube and
documenting things is so with YouTube
you want to have your own things at the
same time because you've seen all the
crazy like breakup vloggers we like vlog
there every relationship thing but the
cool part about that is you have
memories that you share with people and
that you get to go watch again right so
I was like sitting there watching the
videos the first day ever that we ever
hung out is actually documented yep from
both of our eyes eyeballs in our editing
fingers eyeballs eyeballs eyeballs so it
was like a year and three months ago and
yeah December 26th we really started
dating three months after we met
yeah we're such losers yeah no well do
you remember okay let's bring it back so
the stages these are the stages I was in
LA for tumor oh my gosh if you guys
aren't here all the intro we I don't
think we've ever talked about we've
never talked
yeah so when we were together how much
we want to talk about that but the
beginning the first two days the first
day was amazing
we hung out in Venice Santa Monica like
a dream oh the Sun was setting
we were blogging and skating right it
was fun it was it was yeah third we like
we went to Santa Monica Pier we stay
romantically I made like an edit of it
and of course added like this romantic
music cuz I was just like the moment was
perfect it was so good
hung out in the car totally let down
your guard you were just like I don't
know you relaxed because you're such
like a stern boss woman you're like
what's it going Sophia moves girl boss
you're a girl boss so like in the car
the whole time she was like just like on
it crushing it and then I was like I
can't keep I'm like I'm intimidated by
this human being she's gonna punch me in
the face for no reason got in the car
and then she just said she I asked you
something and you were kind of like I'm
sorry what and you like kind of laughed
and like you were just like so tired and
like opening town I was like yo dis girl
let our guard down about a sneaked up in
there so what's up girl but it was like
we were pretty on all day because first
we hung out with each other and that was
fun but then we went to like this Meetup
and so we were around people and filming
and like Bom Bom Bom it's exhausting
yeah and so it was you know from that to
just like hanging out was fun and then
there was the second day that we are
feel like we should say the name yeah
the second day we hung out was the last
day I was in LA before leaving for New
York City because I was living in New
York at the time John was living in LA
so we did long-distance relationship for
like the first five six months of our
relationship yeah so I was like okay
last day in LA let me try to like cram
some hangs and with another person so if
you guys so macking super funny dude he
like made it huge on vine he's part of
the david dobrik group on youtube super
genuine sweet guy super funny Hayden
fun fact he actually is from where I
grew up in Texas so we had mutual
friends in Texas which is crazy one of
my best friends in high school was best
friends with his brother so I was like
let's have hangs John Matt we can grab
lunch and then I'll just hang out with
John the rest of the day and we can say
what's up to Matt easy enough easy
enough boom Shakalaka so it turns out
Matt keen just liked us too much he did
he thought we were a catches as friends
right and he was getting into YouTube
and he just wanted to hang all day he's
good at what he does
he said yeah he's clearly good at
creativity but he's also good at being
around people yeah for long enough to
just make them like well Matt Kings just
gonna be around us I almost feel like a
third wheel to an extent cuz he's such a
powerful personality yeah and he yes
100% and so but he had no idea that we
were we had vibes none you know like no
idea whatsoever and you have to a minute
John especially in those circumstances
when you don't know um like him well and
you didn't know me well that's typically
or at least maybe a year ago when you
kind of do like recline a little bit I
don't the right word for it
right so I'm terrified of not being
accepted I'm like I'm like okay they're
they're vibing their personalities are
very strong and powerful I'm like this
like recluse skater boy from South
Carolina and I'm like you know what like
I'm not even sure out like you know it's
like I so deeply wanted to just like
hang with John and want him to be a part
of this but that's when you were like
going back and so I was like oh man if I
want to do it yeah I could totally feel
it and then but we just ended up hanging
all together all day but at the end it
was like
I want like one-on-one time with John I
think you are definitely feeling the
same way - oh no totally I was the whole
day the excitement even the night before
I talked to a friend on the phone I was
like yo hanging out Sarah was awesome
dude seriously she's super super cool
yeah the next day I was like we're gonna
have our hang taps and then after
hearing that King like not really pick
up on the messages whatever
conversations with Matt and Hugh when he
found out we were dating oh my gosh guys
I had no idea that was so funny I mean
now it's so funny but yeah at the time
it was just like we're gonna go do this
cool can't wait yeah it's like all right
and then like the weirdest one of course
was the ending and we were like I guess
we're gonna coffee shop and edit he's
like I'll watch right you're gonna watch
us edit he was he was on that YouTube
grind just start his YouTube saying I
guess that's how he was like that's how
you become successful you're the guy who
was like I'll go to coffee shop and
watch you because I want to learn I'm
like well I applaud you but I am NOT
gonna be here for that so we parted ways
at the end of the day it was sad I was
literally about to hop on a plane I was
destroyed like I really was because we
didn't have another time that we were
gonna be hanging out we were literally
going as far away as possible in a u.s.
from each other she's like oh man
yeah it was sad I like wanna hang out
more with this dude yeah and I'm the
worst dude ever when it comes to like
how you were saying like yeah I could
feel you backing away I went so far that
way that night that I literally called
friends like yeah she's not into it all
right dude I'm gonna go hide in the cave
for a couple minutes and I'll talk to
you later
there was nothing from me that indicated
I wasn't into it it was just like the
situation right so it was yeah you know
what happened to talk about phone call
like the Paris thing Oh jiminy it's
actually very creepy I mean okay so we
were texting and stuff but I
I you were like okay I'm gonna call you
or something like I knew that there was
a call coming up um and so me I was so
excited and I just wanted you cuz we
still didn't know like what this was
like it was just friends or like into
each other okay keep in mind we hung out
two days literally the first day was the
first day was all of this the second day
was just like a weird thing yeah this is
all based on one day of hanging out it's
true and so I was like okay all I need
to hear are the words date or something
that your date yeah the word date or
something that indicates like Oh next
time you're in LA I'm gonna take you on
it or like you know just something or
like I'm gonna come in New York we're
gonna go on a date
cuz this is legit one of the first
things you said to me okay so I applaud
myself for being yeah oh me too okay
yeah I mean I I like I like doing things
that just seem ridiculous and cuz it's
like even though it fails it's like a
funny it's funny yeah so I did something
very ridiculous
instead of being like hey we should hang
out I was like hey like considering
going to Paris how you led up to that
was so you know we both vlog we we do
video stuff we should go vlog in Paris
yeah yes after one day and I was like we
need to get a pair of shoes like
romantic city in the world like let's go
here yeah I mean I guess like the moral
is your boy don't play but kid I want to
give one little antidote that was a
that kind of was like around the same
conversation can I talk about like how
you basically told me you liked me in a
weird way how you applied it
yeah the implication was awesome because
I was like hey I'm going to New York
yeah and I was like when we hung out so
let's get let's finalize the papers so
basically she's like um maybe not Paris
but you should definitely come to New
York yeah I was pretty embarrassed
actually at this point I was like I
actually what I did it to when I asked
you I realized this is one day on the I
ever told you I actually realized how
crazy it was that I asked you and I
laughed afterwards and texted Dave tulle
about it and I said yeah and I said hey
Dave I just asked Sarah to go to Paris
with me haha and he was like all you're
insane
and I was like no I'm not I'll kill you
I'm just kidding but yeah so I mean are
you joy it's funny to look back on
especially that one day we go to Paris
it's gonna be quiet until I whoa I know
so conversation went fine good after
that and then we started texting and
like oh okay he's coming to New York
right okay so coming to New York I was
like yeah I'll be going there and then
Sarah was like you know what I'm gonna
be the smooth criminal coming in
swinging you indirectly flirted with me
in the youtube comment I did but you
never in any text messages or phone
calls were obvious that you liked me I
guess you're the thing to make up what
have you ever heard of game because I've
got tons of it just look at us now
we're in California together hanging out
and it's sweet yeah that whole thing
you're like New York we should in New
York and I was like oh that sounds
awesome and I immediately was down like
I was like I'll buy a plane ticket today
I don't care I'm going to New York to
hang out with and what happened was that
oh yeah you said you asked me if you
could stay I didn't know no because that
was that be obtrusive yeah I was just
like okay well I'll say let me look at
Airbnb I said that right away and I from
there it was like that'd be cool if she
is like I want you to stay my voice
because that's how she sounds like that
but she said she said yeah maybe you
should
and I was like oh and if she's like I
would let you see from my couch and I'm
like go on she's like but I don't see
you as like a just a friend the same way
I would let like I would let a guy
friend say on my couch but I don't
really see you the same way as just a
friend and I was like I got this is the
cheesiest thing ever okay so like I've
you know people have relationships they
get really cynical they hate everyone
that's how I felt at this moment I was
like I hate everyone seriously like a
lot and she said that I got so giddy I
literally stood up out of Starbucks went
outside to get fresh air call Dave tool
which is this skate shop owner that I
wrote for he's like a second dad to me I
was like Dave this is weird coming from
me because I know how you know that I
hate everyone but I'm like in a weird
mood where I'm giddy about a girl saying
something that was cute you know or
something like that he was just like
what that's awesome that's amazing and
he even was like dude I just watched an
older video of her where she says she
doesn't have a boyfriend because she has
a bunch of guy friends you might be in
that position Johnson don't get overly
excited you know you weren't in that
pretty sure maybe just a couple months
before Eric Conover was literally living
on my couch that was right yeah and so
that's why I was like I didn't want to
lump you in the same like category as
someone who yes you can sleep on my
couch because you're my friend you know
so yeah so that's how it all began
no you killed it that was the present
right there and I was like girl you got
that game son so not worked out
awesomely and then I yeah got Airbnb
yeah I kept it very civil yes yes and I
I appreciate you making that trip to New
York oh yeah that wouldn't have happened
if you weren't just like oh yeah I just
like [ __ ] you're coming to New York of
course of course
I it was it was it was amazing and it
also like increased my love for New York
City I wanted to go to New York City -
yeah it's a beautiful city I live there
now you live there now
only employed by New York City subway
conductor you're employed by the city of
no I conduct the city the boy runs the
game there uh and now we're breaking up
so so this is a sad ending this is a
really sad ending right I brought all
this up because we want to talk about
how hard the ending has been for us ie
here's the thing that actually sucks
I just wanna talk about this people
bring up the conversation our
relationships all the time the
conversation and every time they do it's
always the same thing where you're like
how's it going and people I don't know
if it's just my friends they always
reply the same way where they're like
yeah it's cool you know you know there's
always the differences but it's cool and
survive yeah surviving and this is like
and I'm not just saying this this I
don't like to talk about relationship
because it is going well like kind of in
every aspect so it's it's actually like
I feel bad being like we were like how's
your thing going I just pretend that
there's something wrong like I'm like
that's cool it's fine you know what it's
a relationship but in reality I'm like
there's literally nothing wrong you
should be stoked so I don't wanna bad I
should they can aspire because let me
give you a little secret
maybe it is that is a thing yes but I
feel like a lot of that is with your
skater
maybe if they knew that there's
something out there worth like being
stoked for maybe they would stop
settling yeah I mean that's that's a
good point yeah I don't know why skate
your skater dudes they're like you know
haters are edgy and you know likes all
of the wrong yeah but at the same time I
feel like a lot of times they that Linds
what am I trying to say that makes them
not as confident with themselves in
terms of like other people what a rally
is like you know what you got some stuff
going for you you can have a nice sweet
girl right yeah you can have a good
thing and you know yeah because a lot of
times they like I mean they
intentionally attract things that will
probably fall apart yeah a lot of
skateboarders do that
and it is unfortunate because like you
know people don't really know this but
people who are like really good at
skateboarding who came usually it seems
as if they come from this hard place
this place that has made them like you
know feel a lot of pain all the time and
a way to feel better about themselves
that chip on their shoulder the chip on
the shoulder is huge and mine is
ridiculous Indiana and I wish it was I
wish was a little smaller it's it's
decreasing in size for sure because life
has been very fortunate in a lot of ways
so I'm trying to be like appreciate your
life
Thanks life I'm not gonna be so mad at
you life but yeah the skater dudes they
attract these people that sort of make
them feel temporarily better and you
know like there's nothing wrong with
that but they they don't realize what
they want and then they'll have that
it'll go away and no but I kind of liked
her I'm like I don't think you did and I
think maybe maybe you should try to get
something that you want to have and you
know like I I don't know I've always
been a little more PG maybe I've always
tried to be a softer person then life
has lent me no I want to be as soft as
possible
I want that because you know the
edginess comes with the trade and it's
like no I want to be soft I want to like
enjoy the simple things and like a
relationship I never thought would be
this said only thing and I know you were
the same way were you like relationships
not the end goal work is the end goal
right money I don't know honestly no I I
mean not a lot of people know this but
in when I graduated high school um you
know I was I tried hard in school so I
was a math science geek I had good
grades I was ready to go to college go
through the motions and literally just
be a mom I was like I have a sick mom
I'm Jeanie so if I could be a genie to
like kids I'm fine like I'm gonna die a
mom whatever I'm good with that
you know I'll just marry someone
straight out of college like why I can
never cook so I'd be screwed in that
aspect but I could take care of kids but
then I went to college and I was like oh
wait like all these hopes and dreams are
being put into my person and it's like I
will you know I want to work and do
stuff and you know that no longer became
that and goal
still an aspect but it's no longer you
know the entire thing and so for a while
it was just work work work and I think
that's what helps me get to where I am
today but at the same time it's I think
it's way fun to live life with another
person and like to share those
experiences I agree you know yeah I
think it's cool and I think with the
reason are one reason to stay so
exciting and it really is I know I just
went into this but it really it has been
just an insanely good ride like this
whole relationship has been super fun
the whole way gonna really fight I feel
like we almost argue for the sake of me
like no we should argue to be healthy
humans I will say that in the first like
four I feel like this is almost like a
therapy session now but the first four
months or so we never like we didn't
have one argument and I actually like I
remember talking to Jenny being worried
about it because I was like things are
gonna blow and of course now I think
things from both of our sides have like
come up we've had arguments we've had
but they're so you had like ups and
downs but it's more of just like two
humans living life together like there's
gonna be things you know yeah but
they're not yeah they're still not even
compared to like anything that maybe
I've had in the past or I think that
I've seen from family members right it's
like it's still such a the arguments are
so simple Ryan and silly right one thing
I think is really exciting about our
relationship is that you and I have we
share a lot of similarities when it
comes to our passions and like being
having careers and like working really
hard to build something big but we
actually came from pretty different
pasts and I think we've sort of dealt
with a lot of different things and you
just mentioned in school you're like a
super hard worker you had really good
grades and you did really well in school
you're like top of the fricken top 10%
there you go yeah I got a 30 on me a CT
okay that is a fun fact for any Sarah
deechi trivia I studied so [ __ ] hard
for my a CT I turned my 24 into a 30
okay didn't want to interrupt because
you're just proving my point more
because with me I worked really hard to
push my grade the opposite direction
where I was like you know what I've
never failed the class before province
ass math booth up because I actually
graduated I did really well in school
until high school you graduated early
which I did graduate a year early
because I actually had all my credits
and I did well but I still wasn't I
didn't try harder at all at school and
and the truth is I actually did well in
school because I thought I was really
smart because I was Asian and I heard
that Asians are smart so you got to live
up to Asterius I actually did it as
weird as that worked the stereotype
which is always a bad thing was a
positive stereotype that worked for me
so just go to school I was yeah I was
just naturally good at school because I
think I just thought I was it worked out
that way manifest your dreams guys
actually so I did I did well in school
but the thing is I wasn't passionate on
school I didn't even see it as nearly an
end goal whatsoever I was just really
into skateboarding and I put all of my
effort I mean I think we have similar
work habits and work ethic I just put it
all into something that there was no
vision of a future in I was just like I
like this a lot I'm gonna do it
whatever furiously even though there's
no realistic reason why I should and for
me it did work out but it's just funny
because you and I sort of went these
different paths we've had different
upbringings and life and it led us to be
similar people which i think is
interesting interesting yeah yeah going
back to how you were raised what was
growing up in South Carolina
geez I said like with a southern accent
he said lie look we both grew up in the
south man yeah you were the dirty south
smell showing it I was a south south I
grew up in Texas y'all right is it yeah
I was born in the armpit of America okay
no just kidding
I mean I was born in South Carolina
which is really strange actually very
very seldom meet people in California
from South Carolina only one time has it
happened well it's just this weird place
where you kind of just stay and it was
weird I'll say this it was weird I've
complained about it so I'm not gonna see
why it was weird growing up as an Asian
kid in South Carolina
I think I've said that before but yeah I
mean it's weird because in my school the
entirety of elementary middle and high
school there was only two other Asian
kids Wow and they were both Chinese so
nobody looked like me didn't really
understand how I would fit in blah blah
blah blah but the thing is I wasn't I
wasn't like this awkward kid who sat in
the corner you know I tried really hard
my parents were like my mom into this
country she had difficulty writing
Korean from Korea she had difficulty
right away Korea South Korea Congrats no
she moved here from South Korea she
immediately had problems you know she
was a she was a server at a restaurant
for 25 years or something like that so
she dealt with sort of all the aspects
of life she dealt with my dad's family
immediately being like no like don't do
that that don't date a foreign person
just doesn't make any sense so my dad
immediately got a lot of Hell for it so
she didn't even feel accepted by your
own family you know what I mean so she
when I was born she told me right away
John you need to be white that's the
thing like when you're raised in this
country you need to be white and do
whatever that takes so for me you know
it wasn't like a weird like I don't want
to try to be something I'm not
I was just like okay well if that's the
way it is I was born into being like I
will try to be as white as possible and
it actually like you know that's that's
racist in itself that's super
generalizing to be a certain way and you
know she would listen to country music
cuz that's what that's what the white
people do and I'm like okay cool so it
was this weird thing and but you know
it's a strange thing to grow up and kind
of look around and just nothing looks
like you you know none of the
superheroes know the toys nothing looks
like you and you're kind of just like
you know it just puts you in a different
mentality it makes you a little bitter
but at the end of the day I just I
understood hardwork that's what my dad
taught me he's just like working really
hard will you know we'll be what makes
you succeed so just focus on that
because it is difficult like what you
said but it's also difficult in terms of
having confidence when you are being
told be something that you're not you
know that is actually impossible and
it's strange when you're being told
something of like oh like you said a
stereotype too
where that's almost just completely
unattainable right it's like yeah I mean
I could go on and on about this subject
but one one main thing is that when you
look different
the thing you don't Bank on is looks
right and looks when you're a kid you
believe kind of run the whole show so
when you immediately take yourself out
of the equation you have to find
alternate things that make up for the
lack of looks because you know when I
was a kid I didn't believe that I could
be handsome
because handsome people are white with
blue eyes so they're you know there's
obviously there's a sad part about it
where you're like okay well I'm not
pretty and I'll never be in that race
that's why you're so funny
thank you thank you very attractive well
nowadays freakin hoppers are becoming
more of a thing where people like the
half Asians but when I was a kid in
South Carolina nobody even it's just
this weird thing so what it does is
enables you to focus more on other
things for me I focused more on trying
to be smart and then trying to be funny
so for those things I worked really hard
on those things and I want to be smarter
than everyone and then also talent for
me you know the stereotypes of being
Asian luckily I'm very I'm very
fortunate because in South Carolina at
the time black people had the worst
stereotypes so these kids who would grow
I can't imagine if I grew up black in
South Carolina people would have taught
me that I had these negative stereotypes
and I would have been much harder you
know I was I was fortunate that it was
like of course there's a few negative
ones of Asian ones that you know besides
that it's like it's like oh you only
know the math problem because you're
Asian
right oh cool I'm smart yeah it's like
oh you only got good at this really fast
because Asians are so naturally talented
and you don't know that this stuff is
true it's all based on whatever so for
me as a kid I was like cool I'll only
focus on talent and intelligence because
I can impress people with these and
they're like whoa holy crap I go good
this kid isn't skating randomly right
and yeah it leads you to be you know to
focus on things that actually matter at
the end because as you get older 100
percent looks Yeah right they hey you
know
and you know I was never in the pretty
girl group and I very much so was more
fixated on my hobbies whether it was
basketball or music or video making
so being recognized for stuff other than
looks is actually I think a blessing in
disguise a lot people say it builds
character but it actually kind of does
no because you have to discover who you
are as a person the way you see yourself
it's not other people saying oh you're
so pretty or like you having a new
boyfriend or girlfriend every week and
it really allows you okay Who am I and
like let's you know be funny impress
people because that's all you can do
yeah definitely I got a class clown
moment for sure yeah I mean that's
absolutely me to do like I was and the
thing is like I actually did I survived
very well I wasn't some kid who people
are like hey Shane go blah blah blah
blah I never liked it you know a few
tough you will be like go back to your
own country and then I can make a joke
or something I just be like from here
yes and like oh my bad like I don't know
I didn't not fresh-off-the-boat or
anything so it's like I said there's the
weirdness there and of course there's
always gonna be like the jokes and
stereotypes and and that sucks to deal
with as a kid too and and you know one
thing that I do is like I do I want to
try to have a voice for kids who are in
similar situations I definitely want
that you know I want I want an Asian kid
to be able to watch my channel and egg
oh my god she's Asian that's so sick
because I've had people come up to me
and be like yo Asians brothers stick
together blah blah and I'm like dude I
feel you I totally do but you know for
me I always are now I try to think of
myself as like an equal opponent in the
fight for business or any of that
because it's like the truth is you know
sometimes I have to compensate for that
confidence that was lost as a kid and
there's many reasons why we all you know
can lose some confidence but you know it
is a hard thing to fight for as as I've
gotten older it's been like yes
especially when you grow up I mean I
grew up with parents that were literally
they didn't hand me stuff but they're
always encouraging with everything I did
like oh you you know you want a guitar
well you're gonna have to pay for it but
when you have your recital we're gonna
be there and like cheer you on and so I
think it's so many things that form your
confidence as a kid that transfers over
to adulthood and I think a lot of it has
to do with parenting or friends or just
where you grow up I grew up in the
biggest bubble in the world outside of
Dallas Fort Worth
you know confidence has a lot to do with
all of those different factors right and
then later on in life you have to just
deal with you all of a sudden exact like
and you always can like regardless of
the confidence that you grew up with one
thing that I've learned beyond in the
last couple of years is that regardless
of how low my self-esteem is and how
hard I have to combat my lack of
confidence it's like I can like I at the
end of the day it's like I can fight the
lack of confidence and build it and you
know maybe the person this person is
fortunate if not to have to is that
parents who are cheerleaders their whole
lives which is amazing but you know like
a lot of people don't have that and I'll
say with me it's like you know I think
there's there's been a time in my life
where my parents are encouraging but I
also I do kind of have a stereotypical
Korean mother who you know like with
them it's like they like to push you to
make you stronger that's their idea the
idea isn't to build your confidence by
spoon-feeding you it's by being like
doing the opposite being like you're not
good enough we are disappointed in you
you should try harder and and you know
the ability they hope that it makes you
be like it makes you be like that's
right makes you when you're 8 years old
that's not necessarily maybe the best
thing to hear right so yeah I mean it
was for me you my dad's in the military
as well so it was it was all about
strength it was there was zero about
anything else I was like John you need
to be strong we're gonna do whatever
that takes
so was the very much like the third the
kid in the deep end of the pool
technique and there was I mean there's
actually a lot of similar techniques to
that for me to be a strong kid and I
think it was just like you know
unfortunately for the parents what they
didn't see it's like it was kind of a
delusion on their part to expect their
kids to be so tough cuz they made a lot
of decisions for me growing up that were
like John and Matthew my brother are
strong enough to deal with this and when
when they would make their decision
we're like holy crap we can't take this
right and what that does it's like it's
sort of you know a lot of things that
happened sort of affected our confidence
and we like you know we've had a fight
ever since for the confidence and that's
uh I don't know hey you know like
there's fighting for that though teaches
you a lot more skills if I didn't have
to fight for that I wouldn't be where I
am today I would be very content with a
lot less but luckily since I'm always
trying to compensate for that lack of
self-esteem I'm working harder and
harder and harder to build a better life
for myself and I don't know
I like today this day I you know I've
had to find superficial things to make
up for that lack of confidence but it's
sort of working you know it's weird like
it's like since I made an okay amount of
money doing something it has helped with
that because I believe that that's what
was important but once I've done that it
makes me look more inside myself and be
like yeah that's like I should be
confident there's reasons I should be
confident as a human being I've like
built enough done enough thought enough
to be a confident person I feel that so
let's leave on a positive encouraging
note because you're a very talented
handsome human who has accomplished a
lot you are as well they're so handsome
out of your shirt do you see those
muscles I see you for the people just
listening to this podcast you hear these
muscles yeah okay have you ever seen
Popeye Popeye de Mesilla right 13 pi PI
all her muscles were kind of like when
he eats the Spanish I'll tell you so
with that for all of them people out
there who are creators or maybe college
students not knowing what the fudge they
want to do with their life but they're
somewhat creative if you had a megaphone
and you could tell all those people one
thing what would it be probably
something along the lines of you're
stronger than you think you're worth
more than you think
I would say to be successful you have to
be courageous so the more uncomfortable
you feel the better off you will be so
make sure you if you're really really
nervous to try something that's why the
thing you should do and with me there's
always like a quote by I don't know he
wrote the book graveyard but it's
basically something along the lines of
like the moment that you feel like
you're walking down the street
completely naked is a moment that you
might start to be getting it right hmm
so you have to feel like you're really
really exposed right so it's like you
know when it comes to a core skater
getting on a YouTube platform that might
jeopardize this whole entire career that
was my moment of being like I'm naked so
I'm gonna give me a shirt yeah and I
think when I think you're gonna feel
that moment and I think also if you find
something that you love and that you're
passionate about regardless of how silly
it seems maybe that's the thing that you
should expand on so focus more on
getting better at the craft because
specialty seems to be what leads to a
more successful career nowadays instead
of being generalized okay I think having
a lot of talents is a good thing but I
think when people see you as someone who
is very very very good at something
something very unique then more people
are gonna want to be around you and
learn about that thing which is gonna
lead to more success because networking
sort of rules all yeah I would say that
yeah and you found your shirt and it's
called progress daily it is exactly and
Lincoln by him I guess but on top of
everything else you have a clothing
company progressed daily I do be it
follows the motto that you live by
yes aggressing on the daily right yeah
it's funny because I I don't know it's
used so much now and I use in my
clothing so much that it almost just
like sounds like this in it disappears
from the air like progress daily I just
say it so much but when I was younger or
like when I was just getting into
YouTube and just getting the clothing
brand and coming from like something
something else in life that sucked
progressed daily was an actual mantra
that I used consistently I would
actually write it down on my feet on my
to-do list
I'd be like progress daily progressed
daily and I I said it all the time
because for me you know get very
discouraged
with how much stuff that had to get done
which I know a lot of people deal with a
lot of kids in school who are thinking
about like their career like oh my gosh
that's like centuries away there's no
way but the idea of progressed daily is
even if it's very little progression or
even if it's just changing your
mentality one day of being like I'm
gonna start going on this path tomorrow
I know a lot because they don't like
tomorrow but if you're someone who's
strong enough to write down like okay I
need to encourage myself to get better
at something do 10 push-ups go for a
walk like write these things down and go
do those things because even taking a
small lap around the block is a form of
progression so getting one step closer
to your goal figure out what that what
needs to be done things that you can do
in 10 seconds that'll lead you closer
because anything that you want to do you
can break down in small steps that you
can tackle every single day to get there
boom boom boom boom so if you guys want
to progress on a daily and cop some of
that it's progressed daily clothing calm
John Hill on instagram at John Hill tube
on Twitter on Twitter at John Hill on
YouTube and John Hill on YouTube looking
them up guys I know we just met as well
but would you find a good pair of things
yeah it's been a great three hours I
know okay guys I'm going to Paris thank
you guys so much for tuning into the
creative exchange I'm putting these out
every single week it's been every
Wednesday I haven't really said a
specific time or date because that's
usually when I mess up with those types
of things but this is really the most
consistent I've been with anything in
like so long so every week every
Wednesday until I mess that up because
I'm sure I will eventually but keep on
creating out there guys I appreciate you
tuning in to Apple podcast to Google on
YouTube so if you're listening to this
and you want to see us you want to see
what we look like in our expressions you
can head over to youtube.com slash the
creative exchange so all these links are
going to be in the show notes or a
description below thank you so much for
tuning in
you should subscribe goodbye hi